IBX-6401: Exporting Product and Content metadata to CDP (#2156)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/cdp/cdp_activation/cdp_configuration.md

---

> description: Step-by-step configuration procedure of [[= product_name_cdp =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Step-by-step configuration procedure of Ibexa CDP.
```

```yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        default:
            cdp:
                account_number: 123456
                data_export:
                    user_data:
                        transport: stream_file
                        stream_file:
                            stream_id: 00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000
                    content_data:
                        transport: stream_file
                        stream_file:
                            stream_id: 00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000
                    product_data:
                        transport: stream_file
                        stream_file:
                            stream_id: 00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000
                activations:
                        client_id: '%env(CDP_ACTIVATION_CLIENT_ID)%'
                        client_secret: '%env(CDP_ACTIVATION_CLIENT_SECRET)%'
                        segment_group_identifier: ibexa_cdp
```

- **Account number** - can be obtained from Accounts settings in [[= product_name_cdp =]] dashboard
- **Stream ID** - use Stream ID generated during data import from "stream file" in Data Manager

> - **Activations** - you can configure multiple activations, they have to be of type `[[= product_name_base =]]` in [[= product_name =]] dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Activations** - you can configure multiple activations, they have to be of type `Ibexa` in [[= product_name =]] dashboard
```

> - **Account number** - can be obtained from Accounts settings in [[= product_name_cdp =]] dashboard
> - **Stream ID** - use Stream ID generated during data import from "stream file" in Data Manager
> - **Activations** - you can configure multiple activations, they have to be of type `Ibexa` in [[= product_name =]] dashboard
> - **Client ID** and **Client secret** - Client ID and Secret pair is used to authenticate against Webhook endpoint, make sure it's random and secure
> - **Segment group identifier** - is the location where CDP data is imported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Setting | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `account_number` | A [number](#account-number) obtained from the Account's settings in [[= product_name_cdp =]] dashboard. |
| `stream_id` | Stream ID generated when importing data from the stream file in Data Manager. |
| `activations` | Activation details. You can configure multiple activations. They have to be of type `Ibexa` in [[= product_name =]] dashboard. |
| `client_is` <br/> `client_secret`| Client credentials are used to authenticate against the Webhook endpoint. Make sure they are random and secure. |
| `segment_group_identifier` | A [location](#segment-group) to which CDP data is imported. |
```

Re. activations and credentials - Is an activation like an account at CDP? Where do the details come from? The dashboard? 
Same applies to stream id, I'd add short procedures similar to the ones below. How do I get to the Dada Manager etc.

> ## Segment group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Account number

Log in to [[= product_name_cdp =]] and in the top right corner, select the available accounts.

![List of available accounts](cdp_accounts.png)

A pop-up window displays a list of all available accounts and their numbers.

![Account number](cdp_account_number.png)

Copy the account number to the configuration.

## Segment group
```

> - **Segment group identifier** - is where CDP data is be imported to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Segment group identifier** - is the location where CDP data is imported
```

> First, create a segment group in the Back Office.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a segment group in the Back Office.
```

> It serve as a container for all segments data generated by [[= product_name_cdp =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It serves as a container for all segments data generated by [[= product_name_cdp =]].
```

Go to **Admin** -> **Segments** and select **Create**.
Fill in name and identifier for a segment group.

> Choose wisely, as once connected to CDP Segment Group cannot be changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

!!! caution "[[= product_name_cdp =]] Segment Group"

    After you create a Segment Group in the Back Office and connect it to [[= product_name_cdp =]], you cannot change it in any way, including edit its name.
```

![Creating a new segment group](cdp_create_segment_group.png)

Next, add a segment group identifier to the configuration.

> !!! caution "[[= product_name_cdp =]] Segment Group"
> 
>     After you create the Segment Group in the Back Office and connect it to [[= product_name_cdp =]], you cannot change it in any way, including edit its name.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Account number

Now, fill in the account number.
Log in to [[= product_name_cdp =]] and in the top right corner, select available accounts.

![List of available accounts](cdp_accounts.png)

> A pop-up window displays with a list of all available accounts and their numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pop-up window displays a list of all available accounts and their numbers.
```

> 
> ## Account number
> 
> Now, fill in the account number.
> Log in to [[= product_name_cdp =]] and in the top right corner, select available accounts.
> 
> ![List of available accounts](cdp_accounts.png)
> 
> A pop-up window displays a list of all available accounts and their numbers.
> 
> ![Account number](cdp_account_number.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
